---
layout: post
title: NAWKI October 2018 - Superheroes!
date: 2018-20-11
---

# {{page.title}}
{{page.date | date_to_string}}

*[NAWKI](/2017/08/20/nawki-announcement.html) (life, but Not As We Know It), is
a monthly series exploring the hypotheticals of real and artificial life*

------------------------

"Many superheroes gain their powers through science or science gone wrong. What powers from ALife would you try to give yourself or get in a terrible ALife lab accident?" {.western}
==========================================================================================================================================================================

\

So for this months NAWKI we get introduce the Alife Lab super team!

\

**pennyFR:** Meta was created when the artificial chemistries
accidentally became real and had to be absorbed to stop them destroying
the world. Meta's power is the ability to combine or breakdown people
into different composite or more atomic people with different emergent
properties. Used alongside other superhero's this can produce some of
the greatest powers ever seen or nothing. It's a little hit or miss…

\

**Iñaki Fernández Pérez:** I present you Greg C. ... THEY are Gregarious
Colony, a legion of heterogeneous primitive bacteria, who self-organized
eons ago to form a humanoid entity, of variable cohesion. Greg display
several emergent properties, such as distributed sensing,
reconfiguration, fast evolutionary cycle and capacity for adaptation,
specialization and exaptation, and their ultimate power is called Become
the Swarm: Greg fully disassemble, each individual becoming separate,
while maintaining the capacity of communicating and coordinating to
reassemble. As good scruffies, Greg go with the flow

\

**Emily Dolsen:** I really hope they have an alter-ego where they
pretend to be an actual human named Greg

\

**D9w:** so my alife superpower would be awareness that we are actually
living in a simulation and that genetic code is at the basis of this
simulation; i.e. genetic code operates as it does in our simulation (the
basis of life forms), but is also processed by the simulator. I
therefore dedicate myself to genetic engineering, supposedly working on
genetically modified super-avocados, but actually trying to create a
virus to be executed in the simulator

\

**pennyFR:** And while your busy the super-avocados will turn evil and
try to take over the world. Our first villain

\
(evil in their lack of a stone)

\

**D9w:** i was considering writing super narwhals and now am really sad
I didn't :stuck\_out\_tongue: but i think super-avocados makes for a
more legitimate genetic engineering cover story. As for a name, I was
imagining this as myself, but if this were a super hero character, I'd
say Dr. Gwen Zhuang.

Gwenpool (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gwenpool) is a comic book
character whose superpower is the knowledge that she's inside a comic
book and Zhuang Zhou's "Butterfly Dream"
(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zhuangzi\_(book)\#%22The\_Butterfly\_Dream%22)
is one of the earliest mentions of a simulation hypothesis. Dr Zhuang is
aware of both of these examples and finds them \*incredibly\* suspicious
as clues that she's in a simulation, although she doesn't understand why
the simulators would be leaving her clues

\

You could say she's just a normal scientist who's crazy, but she knows
that one time she was able to cause an error in the simulation by
combining octopus and redwood tree genes, which resulted in her previous
lab spontaneously combusting. She's a long way from understanding the
genetic code, but has nearly unlimited funding from avocado lobbyists
and won't stop until she can control and eventually leave the simulation

\

**pennyFR:**

The lobbyists are actually the avocados. She doesn't know it but she is
slowly betraying us all to their whims.


**SuperArturo:** I was thinking recently about the differences between
abstractions and idealisations, and then it hit me: my ALife superpower
would be to abstract reality, like in that scene from inside out:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06CUfcOx52w


The name would be “The Deconstructor.” I’d be of True Neutral alignment
and possibly start in the more villainous side, as I raise funds for my
ambiguous science hahaha

\

**Emily Dolson:** In a freak lab accident while studying memetic
evolution, I would gain the ability to perfectly predict the flow of
ideas through a social network. Then I would be able to subtly
manipulate public opinion by being able to release exactly the right
meme at the right the time. I would attempt to use my powers only for
good but, you know how subjective these things can be some times…

